PR: Update Changelog, Announcements and metadata files for 6.0.3 (#23244)
spyder-ide/spyder: changelogs/Spyder-6.md

# History of changes for Spyder 6

## Version 6.0.3 (2024/12/10)

### Important fixes

* Restore widget shortcuts to Preferences and allow to change them on the fly.

> * Add support for IPython enhanced tracebacks and use selected syntax style when showing them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add support for IPython enhanced tracebacks and use the selected color scheme in the editor when showing them.
```

* Improve the way users can select the interface font in Preferences.
* Activate `Open last closed` shortcut and restore some missing context menu actions in the Editor.

> * Fix shortcuts for new files in the Editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

* Fix several issues when getting selections to run them.

> * Do not launch Spyder if installing in CI or batch/silent mode from the installers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use the `INSTALLER_UNATTENDED` environment variable to not launch Spyder automatically if installing it in batch/silent mode from the standalone installers.
```
